4 - 17 - 15

Stephanie and I (Joseph) were talking about the room generation today. Here are some of the things we decided:
	1) We are going to start from a lobby in the middle of a 5x5 grid. So, two spaces in both directions outward from this. We may decide on a larger grid later, upon more discussion.
	2) From a lobby, we can only generate a hallway. The type of hallway (L shaped, T shaped, Cross, Straight) will be determined at this point.
	3) From a hallway, we can generate either another hallway or a lobby.
	4) We will end at a lobby (?).
	5) We think it would be best to just generate a full "maze"; it will be almost the same amount of work and will cut out some problems later.
		a) This means we are going to generate a full path from the first direction we randomly choose, then recursively go back and generate more paths from lobbies beforehand.
	6) There does not need to be a space between generated nodes; this means the entire grid may be filled, but it does not mean it will be fully connected.
	7) Since the quickest way to mathematically end a single path is in 6 steps (see ASCII grid below), make either the 3rd, 5th, or 6th room generated from the first direction be the end point.
		a) Two lobbies cannot be next to each other, so in most cases, the 6th room will be forced into being a lobby, but if either the 3rd or the 5th is a lobby, prefer 5th to be end point.
		b) Alternatively, we can always assure that the end point is in a corner and make sure one of the paths connects to it as it goes next to it.
			i) This will probably happen automatically with this kind of generation scheme. We'll just need to make sure the hallway has a door connecting to the end point.
		

	Poorly done ASCII grid:
	
	•  •  •  5  6
	•  •  •  4  3
	•  •  S  1  2
	•  •  •  •  •
	•  •  •  •  •
	
	1 MUST be a hallway, since S is a lobby.
	2 can be either a hallway or a lobby.
	If 2 is a hallway, 3 could be a lobby; This guarantees the nodes at 4 and 6 are hallways. This is the WORST ending point in this situation.
	4 doesn't matter.
	If 4 is a hallway, 5 could be a lobby. This guarantees 6 is a hallway. This is the SECOND best ending point in this situation.
	6 could be a lobby only if 3 and 5 are not. This is the MOST preferred ending point in this situation.
		Attempt to force 6 to be a lobby, as this is the optimum ending point most of the time.